Wait a minute! Is that Mountain Dew in my quantum-transport-solution?
You don't get to tell anyone what's sad. You're like a one-man Mount Sadmore. So I guess like a Lincoln Sadmorial.
No voting, no debate. It's not a democracy - it's a Rickpublic! // wubba lubba dub dub
Hey, muchacho, does your planet have wiper fluid yet or you gonna freak out and start worshipping us?
To live is to risk it all. Otherwise you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you.
You'll achieve nothing by talking Butterfly language to Caterpillar people // Don't give a damn
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
What, so everyone's supposed to sleep every single night now? You realize that nighttime makes up half of all time?
Listen, I'm not the nicest guy in the universe, because I'm the smartest, and being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets.
I'm a scientist; because I invent, transform, create, and destroy for a living, and when I don't like something about the world, I change it.
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
The big secret in life is that there is no secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.
Weaseling out of things is important to learn; it's what separates us from the animals except the weasel.
And that's why I always say, Shumshumschilpiddydah! That's a Rick thing! // Get that parkour
Humor is richly rewarding to the person who employs it. It has some value in gaining and holding attention. But it has no persuasive value at all.
Sometimes Science is more Art than Science // To live is to risk it all // Oooooh Weeeeeeeeee
Maybe you should major in Shutting the F*ck up Buddy! // Quantum Carburetor huh // Get Schwifty
Existence is pain // Work for a cause // I dont give a damn // wubba lubba dub dub
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking.